It was authorized in 1943. We were talking about
major gift. And consultation. Anything else that
is dear to your heart that you wish you had the
capability to help fund at A&M if you were a rich,
rich, rich person? Well, of course, athletics is
dear to my heart. And we're going all out on the West
Campus improving those facilities over there.
And they are sorely needed. And I think the
expansion of the south end zone at Kyle Field and
all the things that it will do for the athletic
department is a step in the right direction. I
don't know if it's enough of a step. I'm not that
familiar with all of the moving parts in all of
that. But...
You know, if you build a 105,000 seat stadium here
in College Station, are you going to fill it?
Maybe. But it's going to be a while. Okay. There's
not enough motels and hotels in College Station to
hold that many people. Can you think of anything?
I've only got one more question, unless you can
think of anything we've left out. You've
exhausted me already, Haskell. Alright, the last
question. What feelings do you hold in your heart
for Texas A&M today?
I bleed rude.
I do.
I feel strongly. about Texas A&M as I do about my
family.
Because it is my family. I was practically raised
here for four years of my life. And all the ties that
I have to Texas A&M, which is one of the primary
reasons why we moved back here a year ago. We had
lived in Austin for 23 years. And my wife came in one
day after having battled that traffic in Austin.
Austin was getting more and more uncivil. And she
said, just came in off the street after she had
nearly been rear-ended twice on Ben White
Boulevard. She said, have you ever thought about
moving to Texas A&M? Or College Station, is the way
she put it. And I said, I thought you'd never That
was on a Thursday. The next day, Friday, we got the
car and came over here, contacted Phil Callahan
down at Remax. Phil showed us a few places in
subdivisions, you know, with nice homes, but with
10-foot lot lines, 20-foot lot lines. We'd been
living on a four-acre place, and I just didn't want
to be crowded up like that. so we scattered around
we found this lot it's one and a third acres and it
was a beautiful tree lot and we said that's where we
want to build our home and so we did that texas
a m it it formed my military career i was in the air
force for 30 years, 5 months, and 29 days.
Texas A&M got me my first job other than military
when I went to work for Governor Bill Clements
through Jarvis Miller. And
I don't know what else I